$15,000, Mr. Wilson, you'll be the highest paid janitor in America. Just don't hurt me, please!
This is awfully boring. Do you suppose we could do without the rest of your opening talk, please?
this is my room and this is my house and this is my lawn and this is my lawn and my street and this is my street and this is my town and this is my country and this is my planet earth and this is my universe and this is my I dont know alalalalalala.
Mr. Feder, you sound like a *real* attractive guy! You *belong* in New Jersey!
Would everyone PLEASE start acting their age again?!
Good evening. I'm Chevy Chase, and… you still aren't.
Every year, as government funding for the arts is cut back, hundreds of legitimate actors are forced to appear on comedy programs like this one.
You condense milk, not the Bible!
Foldger's Crystals. A coffee rich enough to replace human blood.
Hi, everybody! Well, enough small talk. We've got people to annoy!
Just recently, I watched President Reagan's budget proposal on TV, and after meditatin' on his plan, I've come to the conclusion that homeboy don't know what he's doing.
You'll learn, Mr. Spock, that logic has little place in the food service industry.
Oh, wait, hey man, it's humming! Hey! It's making noises! THERE'S A WHITE LIGHT ON THIS THING, MAN!
We're not going to give you two thousand nickels.
I'm not happy! I don't like things now compared to the way they used to be!
It's time for androgyny // Here comes Pat!
Mr. Thompson, the French are still in Europe today!
Myth #4: You cannot file suit for an accident in which you were not involved. False!
Good evening, this is the fake news.
When we come back, we'll watch as Colin Ferguson fires his lawyer Colin Ferguson, and hires a new lawyer, Colin Ferguson.
Well, actually, according to our most recent poll, 78% of Americans think you are stiff and awkward, 60% believe you to be mean, and 81% find you scary.
February? C'mon man, you just making up months now.
Sometimes, when I get nervous, I stick my fingers under my arms, and then I smell them like that.
If Santa's anything like me, Christmas foods really wreak havoc on the old digestive system.
Actually, Regis, I'm good. I think I'm gonna fold up the shop.
If you make less than $264,000 a year, I'm gonna ask you to please turn the channel.
We know that this plane has now been sitting on the runway for 4 hours, and you're really thirsty from all those salty pretzels, and we also know it's nauseatingly hot, and due to the fact that we've confiscated all of your shoes, the air is thick with the smell of sock. But we still need you to remain in your seats.
So this Mother's Day, don't give Mom that bottle of perfume. Give her something that says, 'I'm not a woman anymore. I'm a Mom.'
Recently, the government has been working with broadcasters to curb the tide of indecency that has infected the public airwaves. I'm proud to announce that these newly enforced standards of decency will now be applied to the cartoons your children are exposed to. Here are some examples.
And here now, live, via satellite, from Day 2 of her prison term, is Martha Stewart.
Now, quiet in the theater or it's gonna get tragic // We're bout to get taken to a dream world of magic
Roses are red, violets are blue, if I go to jail, you're gonna go too.
Oh my gosh, it is like an Abercrombie catalog in here!
I didn't want a woman to be President. I want to be a president and I just happen to be a woman.
How long is this exclusive sales contract going to last where they only sell the cookies through a weird child army in tablecloth dresses?
Now hold up, playa, what you diggity-doin' here?
Good evening! I'm here with 'musician', Dr*ke. Dr*ke, how ARE you??
A new study shows that tree frogs in the A-- The tree frogs in the Amazon have been known t--
Unfortunately, the site was only designed to handle six users at a time.
Anything for my hungry guys!
Actually, come to think of it, well, I've never met Claire before today!
Can you believe that idiot went into that pizza shop with a gun, and he didn't leave with no money and no pizza? I mean, hello?!
Alright everyone, the time has come. We've got an order here for one lobster.
Oh, bodega cat! Show this man to the bathroom.
Aw man, I’m all out of cash!
But I'm Aunt Jemima! Who doesn't love my pancakes?
Your call is important to us, and will be answered in the order that we feel like.
Bueno, mi comida favorita es un pollo a la plancha con arroz y frijoles y platano maduro que no sea mi abuela a los platanos le dan un sabor dulce a un plato bien salado.
That is my dream for our country, men! A melting pot of different measurements that will make Europeans throw little tantrums. In short, a land of liberty!
Sorry, bud, for a second, I thought I heard you say you got your ear pierced.
